c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\obj\Debug\Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Service.dll.config
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Service.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Service.pdb
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Entities.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Entities.pdb
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Entities.dll.config
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\obj\Debug\Service.dll
c:\users\shwetimagupta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RestWebAPI\Service\obj\Debug\Service.pdb
